Morningwood Grove
===============


Dawn cracked over Morningwood Grove. I woke up feeling dustier than my Nana’s Princess Di memorial dinner plate set, and my head was throbbing in an entirely different way than it usually did on a Sunday morning. I managed to slowly ratchet myself into a seated position in bed and looked around groggily. At the end of the bed, Benji Marshall’s face stared at me from my poster from the 2010 Kiwi Rugby League Four Nations campaign. This at least reassured me that I’d made it back to my own room, though the serious look on Benji’s face suddenly made it seem like he was judging me.

“Look at the state of you,” he seemed to say.

“Yeah, yeah. I know, Benji.”

“You were a promising halfback in Year 10. Now look what you’re doing with yourself.”

“Jeez Benji, give us a break-”

“On the dole. Out on the piss as soon as your Winz comes through. Bet you don’t even remember where you got those fishnets you’re wearing.”

“Eh?” I pulled the duvet off my legs. Fuck me. I *was* wearing fishnets. “How...?”

I abandoned the question and instead stumbled out of bed, where I promptly fell over a pair of hot pink stilettos, men’s size 13, left beside my bed.

“You think that’s something,” I heard Benji say. “Go look at your face in the mirror.”

My face? I looked up at Benji. He stared back at me, still inscrutable. Oh Jesus, I’d better go and look in a mirror, I thought. 

I shambled out of my bedroom, barely registering the hot pink mini-skirt dress lying on the floor, stumbled into the hall, and made my way into the bathroom. As soon as I saw myself in the mirror I gave a high pitched yelp. My face was heavily caked with makeup, with my lips thickly slathered with hot pink lipstick (matching the shoes and dress), and clearly showing through even that much makeup was a real mean-as black eye.

“You alright?” asked my Mum as she walked into the bathroom, no doubt wondering why I’d squealed like an eight-year-old who’d been surprised by a handsy clown. “Oh, god! How did you get that shiner?”

“I dunno,” I moaned. “Can’t remember a thing.”

“Cold cream’s in the cupboard under the sink. You’ll need it for all that makeup. I’ll get some frozen peas for your eye.” She walked off to the kitchen, calling back after herself: “What size are the fishnets?”

“I dunno!” I yelled back. “I told you I can’t remember a fucking thing.”

After cleaning off the makeup (which was quite skillfully applied, suggesting someone else had done it for me) and slapping the tea towel-wrapped frozen peas Mum had handed me over my throbbing eye, I headed back to my room to try and find my phone and see if it could help me piece together what the fuck had happened to me last night. I picked up the pink dress that I had presumably been wearing from my bedroom floor and inspected it for any kind of pocket a phone could be stashed in. There was no way anyone was carrying a phone in *that* tiny piece of fabric. I groggily searched around the rest of the room, but there was no sign of it. As I searched I carefully avoided catching Benji’s eye in case he admonished me again. I finally got the courage to look up at him, half expecting to be given a spray, but apparently he’d said enough already.

I gave up the search and instead changed into my normal clothes and went to find Mum.

“Mum!” I yelled. “Can you call my phone?”

I found her in the kitchen making coffee, phone to her ear.

“Can you call my phone?”

“Yes, I heard you, I’m calling it. I don’t know why you yell so loud, I’m on the other side of the house, not in bloody Huntly.” She tapped her fingers on the kitchen bench. “Straight to voicemail.”

“Fuck.” I slumped into a chair at the dining table.

“What’s the last thing you remember?” prodded Mum, going back to making coffee.

“Um...” I thought carefully, trying to remember something, anything about yesterday. “Well, I went to Jase’s to drop back his fishing rod.”

“Well, why don’t you call him and ask what you did next?”

“Can’t find my phone.”

“Call him on mine.” She offered her phone.

“But I don’t know his number.”

“His number’s on there.”

“Eh? You’ve got Jase’s number on your phone?”

She said nothing, just held the phone out. I stared for a moment, but my desire to find out what happened last night outweighed my misgivings at how Jase ended up in Mum’s phone, so I took the phone and called him.

“Hey, Mrs T!”

“Jase, it’s me. Kev.”

“Ah, Kev! I’ve been trying to call you all morning. Why don’t you answer your phone?”

“Can’t find it.”

“Ah yeah, figures. You seemed in a phone-losing kind of state last night. But bro, I really, really need to tell you all about what happened.”

“Go on,” I sighed, rubbing my temple. I went to the lounge - who knows what dodgy shit would come up in this conversation, better not risk my Mum hearing anything.

“OK, get this. There’s this hot as older lady in a supermarket, right. Like, total MILF. And she sees the cucumbers, and she just has to start fucking herself with one. Like, she’s that horny, bro. But then, get this: she snaps this dude that works at the supermarket who’s been watching her the whole time. Right?”

“Uh... OK?” I had no clue what the fuck Jase was talking about, and even less clue how to ask him.

“But get this: she’s into it, bro! She calls him over and is like dude, let’s go, and then next thing she’s fully fucking his face, like shoving his tongue on her clit and shit. Bro, it was mean!”

“So wait ... are you telling me that you ... saw this happen?”

“Yeah.”

“Where?”

“Pornhub. Watched it this morning.”

“Pornhub? Oh jesus, you fucking numbnuts. Why the fuck did you think I’d want to hear about your porn watching? You’ve been calling me all morning to tell me *that*?”

“Don’t you get it, bro? The supermarket? I used to work in a supermarket, just like the guy who got to fuck that MILF.”

“Right. So?”

“So, it’s changed my life, bro. That’s what I want to happen to me.”

“*That’s* your life-changing epiphany? Jesus, you really do have shit for brains.”

“Nah man, come on. I used to always see hot-as mums going through the store. I just need to find one that’s a horny-as sexually frustrated single mum type.”

“Are you for real? It’s porn, bro, that shit doesn’t happen in real life.”

“Why not?”

“Right. So you think you’re going to stumble across a hot older lady fucking herself with a cucumber in the middle of the fruit and veg section, in front of all the customers and staff, at a supermarket you don’t even work at any more, and out of everybody she’s going to pick you, the weedy little stoner ex-trolley boy, as her new lover?”

Jase was silent for a moment.

“Look, mate,” he finally said, “you can hate on my dream all you want, but it won’t change anything. I’m going to make it happen.”

“OK, fine, whatever. Look, I need you to help me figure out what happened to me last night. Last thing I remember, I was at your place dropping off your fishing rod.”

“Yeah, then we went down the Thirsty Turtle for a couple of beers.”

“Oh yeah ... I vaguely remember going there. Then what?”

“Then you went for a piss and disappeared for ages, and when you finally came back you were wearing this pink dress, stockings and heels. Bro, the dress was, like, strapless, and you got some hairy-as shoulders. It was crack up.”

“Oh... fuck...”

“Then you were like ‘laters, I’m going to Drexler’s, and you gapped it with these chicks.”

“Oh god ... what the fuck was going on that night? What the fuck was I even doing?”

“I dunno, man. You were leaving a pub with three chicks while wearing a pink dress, stockings and high heels. You do the maths.”

I pondered for a moment where doing the maths might have led Jase, but then remembered his supermarket fantasy and abruptly stopped pondering. Instead I searched my mind for any recollection of these three chicks I’d supposedly gone with to Drexler’s, but I must’ve taken too many left turns and ended up back where I started. I rubbed my temples as if it might clear the murk in my head.

“Jase, those three chicks I left with ... were they ... I dunno, can you remember anything remarkable about them?”

“Nah, bro. Not really.”

“Fuck... I’m never gonna figure out what happened last night.”

“Wait, you really don’t remember anything?”

“Nah.”

“Why don’t you just ask Tilly?”

“Tilly?”

“Yeah. Tilly, from high school. She was one of the three chicks you left with.”

“Fuck, Jase - you said you couldn’t remember anything remarkable about them!”

“Yeah. Nothing remarkable about Tilly. She’s boring as.”

“Jase, you fuckin...” I realised there was no point in remonstrating with him further, so decided to try my best to remain patient. “OK, fine. I guess I have to try and talk to Tilly. You don’t have a number or anything for her, do you?”

“Nah. But you know her Dad, right? Eggy?”

“Eggy.” Oh no.

“Yeah, Eggy. Just go ask him.”

“Yeah. Just go ask Eggy. Thanks, Jase. Just... thanks.”

“Uh ... alright then. You’re welcome? Laters, I guess.”

“Yeah. Laters.”

Just go ask Eggy. This was a problem. Eggy was my old boss, but I hadn’t talked to him since I up and walked out of the shelving warehouse right after smoko one Tuesday and never came back. Just couldn’t handle packing up one more shipment of shelving, ever. Just ghosted the fucker. And now I had to go and ask Eggy if I could talk to his daughter to see if she could tell me why I woke up this morning in full drag with a black eye.

Well, at least that was a problem for Monday. I didn’t have a number for Eggy either, so my only option was to go to the warehouse to talk to him when he was at work. But maybe I could still piece things together without having to go back there.

I went back to my room and made another feeble attempt at finding my phone there, hopeful that it would just magically appear, but no dice. Maybe I left it in one of the pubs I went to last night.

“Mum?” I called as I stomped through the house looking for her.

“Yes?” she called, apparently from her bedroom.

“Can you give me a ride to the Thirsty Turtle?” I asked, stepping through her bedroom door.

“No,” she said, not looking up from the magazine she was reading in bed.

“Why not?”

“I’m busy.”

“Busy doing what?” Silence. “Well, can I borrow the car then?”

“No. Walk.”

“Why can’t I borrow the car?”

More silence. I groaned, and went to get my sunnies, wallet, and keys. Guess I was walking, then.

I shoved the Dirty Dogs onto my face, slipped into my jandals, and stumbled out the front door. The sun wasn’t even that high yet and it was already hotter than a welder’s budgie smugglers. What a fuckin day for walking. Fuck Summer.

By the time I got to the end of Morningwood Grove and out on to Taiawa Street my head was seriously throbbing, so I made a beeline for the Mobil on Moetoa Road to buy a can of coke.

“Sorry bro, insufficient funds,” said the cashier when I tried to pay for it.

“What the fuck? I had two hundred bucks in there yesterday!”

“Big night, eh?”

“Dunno. Can’t remember.”

“Hard. You got a black eye, too?”

“Yep.” I raised the Dogs to reveal my eye, now coming up in a nice blue and black pattern.

“Shit, bro. That sucks. Hold on.” He reached under the counter and came back up with two generic brand ibuprofen in their own snipped-off end of a larger plastic-and-foil package. “Emergency stash. Take it bro, you need it. Just take the coke, too.”

“Are you sure? You won’t get in trouble?”

“Nah. Shrinkage. The boss’ll never notice.”

“Bro. You’re a lifesaver. I owe you one. I’ll get you back, promise.”

I necked the ibus, washed down with the biting cold coke, and continued my painful plod to the Thirsty Turtle. Even if they didn’t have my phone, maybe they could tell me how the fuck I spent two hundred bucks at a place that sells five dollar jugs.

The front deck of the Thirsty Turtle was thronged with a group of blokes who all looked to be in their fifties, all dressed in matching lycra cycling gear that struggled to contain a variety of pot bellies, all drinking beer straight from a jug, and passing around a pack of Benson & Hedges Special Filters like a bunch of fourteen-year-olds who’d craftily pilfered a pack of darts from someone’s Mum’s handbag. I didn’t really want to walk past them as it seemed likely they’d try and get some banter going and I honestly couldn’t be fucked trying to respond to them. I decided the best defence is a good offence, so I steeled myself and prepared an opening line for when I walked past.

“Don’t worry lads, I won’t tell your missuses you’re smoking,” I called out with a smile as I tried to stride purposefully past. There were some laughs and half-hearted attempts at riposte that I felt I could safely ignore and just walk on with a wry smile, but then a voice cut through - a voice I felt like I recognised.

“Kevvey? ‘Sthat you?”

I considered ignoring it, but I wasn’t quite far enough past to pretend I hadn’t heard. I sighed, and slowly turned.

“Yeah?”

“It’s me. Eggy.”

Fuck. Eggy. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.

“Oh... hey, Eggy.” I smiled weakly.

“When are you coming back to work, eh?” He cackled at this like it was the greatest joke he’d ever made.

“Yeah, look ... real sorry about that, eh?”

“This guy,” Eggy said, turning to address his mates, “one day, come smoko time, he just disappeared. Never came back.That was two months ago. But don’t worry about it, bro. See you tomorrow morning, eh?” 

He cackled even harder at this, prompting his mates to all have a good laugh too. I shifted uncomfortably on my feet. This was even worse than I thought it possibly could be.

“Uh, look, nice chatting, but I have to-”

“Wait on,” Eggy cut me off, raising his metallic-orange wraparound cycling shades to peer at me more closely. “What happened to your eye?”

“Actually I don’t-”

“Did you get smacked by a coconut?”

“Eh? Nah, I was saying I don’t-”

“Gotta watch out for those coconuts, boy. What did you do, look at one of their missuses or something?” He cackled again, but it seemed his comedic effect was fading for his audience.

“What are you talking about, Eggy,” one of them called out. “You’re a bloody coconut yourself!”

“Yeah, that’s how I know!” 

This set them all off laughing again, for some reason, so I decided I may as well cut my losses and get the fuck out of there before I had to listen to any more shithouse attempts at humour.

“Yeah, well, gotta go inside and see if my phone’s here,” I mumbled through the laughter, and walked off inside.

I was relieved to find that once inside I could barely hear Eggy and his mates and their ridiculous banter. Sweet escape. 

I looked around. There was five-eighths of fuck-all going on. Even the pokies room was dead quiet. Maybe the gambling addicts weren’t out of bed yet.

I walked up to the unattended bar and tapped my fingers on it weakly, hoping a staff member would turn up. For untold, painful seconds I waited, but nobody appeared. I peered around and cleared my throat as loudly as I could, but still nothing.

Suddenly I felt totally fucked, like so tired I couldn’t pull a greased stick out of a dead dog’s arse. All I could do was rest my forehead on the bar, despondent. I stayed there, eyes closed, until I finally made myself muster up the energy and face the world again. As I opened my eyes and raised my head back up, I spotted a plastic tray behind the bar labelled “lost property”.

My phone. Could it be in there?

I perked up a bit and looked around again. Still no sign of any staff anywhere. They might have been lurking around the corner, though, so better to make sure.

“Hello,” I called out in my most quiet, plaintive voice. 

No answer, but I was still unconvinced.

“Hello?” 

This was loader - croaky and unconvincing, but still louder - and, given my current energy levels, I didn’t think I could surpass it for assertiveness.

No response. Do I? The lost property tray was tantalisingly close. I couldn’t help myself but try to lean over the bar and grab at it. The tips of my fingers were close, but I couldn’t quite bridge the gap.

There was only one way. I’d have to go over the bar. I planted my hand on top of the bar, leaned my weight on them, and tried a couple of little test jumps.

“Don’t do it boy!” a voice suddenly boomed from behind me, “your whole life’s ahead of you!”

I whirled around. It was Eggy. As soon as he made eye contact with me, he started giggling.

“Oh, hey Eggy.” I tried my best to muster a smile. “Look, I wasn’t ... it’s just, I think my phone might be over there and...”

Eggy cut his giggles off short suddenly and a serious look settled on his face.

“Hey Kevvey, sorry for ripping into you back there. Just jokes for the boys, eh?”

“Oh, yeah, all good.” I momentarily relaxed at his seemingly apologetic tone, but quickly became apprehensive that another shitty joke was on its way.

“Look,” Eggy said, remaining serious for now, “I don’t blame you for walking out on the job. That job isn’t easy. I’d rather be out fishing, than do that job. Of course I would. But sometimes we got to do what we got to do, right? Kevvey, mate, I still can’t find anyone as good as you for the job. Come back to work, son.  Maybe we can find a way to make the job better for you.”

“Eggy, bro, I appreciate it. But, no thanks. I got other stuff going on.” 

“No you don’t. You’re on the dole.”

I was affronted. How dare he assume I was on the dole? I was, but he had no way of knowing that.

“Eggy, mate, that’s not even-”

“I know what you did last night.”

“You know what I...”

I trailed off, suddenly tongue-tied. My mind raced with possibilities that he might know something compromising.

“You don’t remember what happened, do you?”

“I...”

“Come to the workshop tomorrow morning. Eight AM. I’ll tell you what happened. Including about your phone.”

“Wait - do you have my phone?”

“Eight AM. You’ll see.”

He was already half-way out the door before he finished the sentence, giving me no chance to object. I shrugged and turned back to the bar and the lost property tray behind it, taunting me just out of reach.

I moped around for a minute or two, wondering if a staff member might turn up, but just being there was making my head hurt, coke and ibu notwithstanding, and the whole experience had tired me out so much that I couldn’t muster up the energy to try and get behind the bar, so I gave up and instead made the painful, empty-handed journey home.

Eight AM tomorrow, and Eggy will supposedly tell me everything. Was I really going to go back to the job I walked out on, just to find out why I ended up in women’s clothing after a Saturday night blackout? And, if Eggy wasn’t bullshitting me, and let me tell you he’s not afraid of bullshitting people, but if not, maybe get my phone back? These were the questions I pondered that evening as I sat on my bed, staring vacantly at my Benji Marhsall poster.

“Any advice, Benji?”

“Don’t switch codes. Well, do if the money’s good, but don’t expect to be any good at it.”

“Uh, right, cheers. Any advice relevant to the situation at hand?”

Nothing but the same stoic stare. Don’t switch codes, eh? Maybe I was going to go.

Since I was totally fucked from the night before I ended up having an early night and waking up at seven, and found myself approaching the Pro Shelf (2006) Ltd premises at 7:58 AM, hardly believing I was about to actually walk back to the scene of the crime. But, walk back I did, right in the front door and into Eggy’s office.

“Morning, Eggy.”

Eggy, who had been puzzling over a jumble of crumpled receipts scattered over his desk, looked up, removing his $2 shop reading glasses, and grinned.

“You came.”

“Yeah.”

“Good. Sit, boy, sit.”

I sat down in a chair that looked like someone had set a glitter bomb off on it, only instead of glitter it was sawdust and aluminium shavings. I had a sudden flashback of trying to get that shit out of my clothes at the end of the day when I worked here. Fuck that.

“Kevey, Kevey. I’m glad you came. You want a cup of tea?”

“No thanks.”

“Coffee.”

“Nah... look, Eggy... I came here just because I’m keen to hear what you know about what I did on Saturday, but I”m worried you’re going to try to get me to come back to work here. You’re not going to try to get me to come back to work here, are you?”

“No, no, nothing like that. But - would you?”

“Nah man. I walked out for a reason, y’know?”

“Yeah, I know, I know. It’s OK. Actually, all I wanted is for you to talk to me and my other staff member about why you hated the job so much. Maybe we can try to figure out how to make the job not so shit, eh? Then maybe the next guy will stay.”

“You got someone else to work here?”

“Yeah, new guy. Business is good, we’re actually expanding. After you left, I took him on, but we need someone else too. But nobody we’ve had in has lasted more than a week.”

“How come the new guy’s staying?”

“He’s motivated. Works hard. He’s not scared to work hard for his future, you know? Not like you lazy kiwis.”

“Yeah? Where’s he from?”

“Afghanistan. Came as a refugee.”

“Fuck. No wonder he’s motivated.”

“You know what? Why don’t you come meet him.”

“Eh? Eggy, I -”

It was too late: he had already stood up and was walking out to the workshop floor. I considered staging a sit-in in Eggy’s office, but was worried he’d get distracted and forget I was here, so I grudgingly followed him out. I shivered as I stepped out onto the familiar, traumatic ground of the workshop floor.

On the other side of the workshop floor, a lone figure, presumably the new guy, was straining to push a large cardboard box up to a high shelf, his back turned to us.

“Mo!” Eggy yelled as we arrived. 

Mo clearly hadn’t heard us coming, and he startled at Eggy’s yell. He fumbled the box he was handling and it upended over his head, showering him in plastic shelf brackets, which bounced off him and onto the concrete floor in a cacophony of clickey-clackey sounds echoing throughout the workshop. He muttered something I couldn’t make out as the clattering died down, then looked at us with a clearly forced half-smile and shrugged.

“Eh, sorry Mo,” said Eggy. “Didn’t mean to scare you.”

“Is no problem. Shelf is too high anyway. I clear up soon.”

“OK, good. Anyway, Mo, this is Kevey. He used to work here.”

“Pleased to meet you.” Mo offered a callused hand, with alumnium shaving glinting in the light where they had stuck in the deep crevices of his work-hardened skin.

“Uh, likewise,” I said, leaning over for a brief shake.

“Mo’s a good, hard worker, not like most of those lazy bastards out there on the dole. Sorry Kevey, but .... y’know.” I shrugged. “So Kevey, you can tell me and Mo no: what is it that made you hate the job so much.”

“You really want to know?”

“Yeah. Really.”

“Alright. Well, you work fuckin long days, doing real hard physical stuff, come home fuckin knackered, covered in crap from the workshop, stinking, all you can is eat, fuckin zombie out on your phone for a couple of hours and go to sleep, all to earn fuck-all money, that you blow on booze and crap on the weekend cos all you want to do is live for yourself for a couple of days after living all week just to supply shelving so some rich cunts can get even richer.”

“But how would society work if we don’t do our jobs? We got to supply the shelving, Kevey. People need it.”

“Do they? Does someone fuckin die if there isn’t enough shelving in fucking Papakura Farmers? The world’s gonna stop fuckin turning if they can’t sell another set of hair straighteners because they don’t have a cream powder-coated alumnium shelving unit to display it on?”

Eggie was silent for a moment, a slight grimace on his face. I noticed he was taking short, sharp breaths, his nostrils flaring out at each outgassing. For a second I was worried I’d gone too far. I didn’t come here to destroy his whole socioeconomic worldview. I just wanted to know what happened on Saturday night when I somehow woke up in drag with a black eye.

“You asked,” I murmured.

“No. It’s OK. You told me what I need to know.” There was almost a sadness in his voice.

I thought he was going to walk off, but instead he bent down and began to wordlessly pick up the scattered shelving brackets from the floor. Mo joined him too and, after a moment of feeling really fuckin uncomfortable, I cracked and joined them too.

“Eh, boy, now you working for us for free! And I thought you hated the job!” Eggie let out one of his signature cackles at his own joke. I chuckled too, partly out of relief that the tension had been broken. I caught Mo’s eye for a moment, and he nodded and gave me a look that said yes, I get the shits having to listen to his shit jokes too, but I’ve learned to put up with it.

“What about you, Mo,” said Eggy as we put the last of the brackets in the box. “How come you come and work every day and no complaints?”

Mo shook the box to settle the brackets snugly into the box, then stood slowly.

“Here, I come to work, and I don’t think ‘is bomb coming? do I need RPG today?” He shrugged.

Fuck me, that was an uncomfortable bit of perspective. Me and Eggy tried to nod understandingly and hmmm empathetically. Mo looked unconvinced, and shuffled off with the box to find a lower shelf to place it on.

“Hey, Mo,” Eggy called after him. “After that, take an early smoko, eh? And take an extra ten minutes.”

“OK boss.”

“OK Kevey. Let’s go back to my office. You told me what I needed to know, now I tell you what I know.”

Thank fuck for that. We shuffled back to the disheveled office and sat back on either side of his desk, interview style.

“So, Kevey. You know my daugher Tilly, eh?”

“Yeah. So, she was with me on Saturday, right?”

“Yes boy. She said you were on another level to everyone that night. You were high on life. And drugs.” He grinned, and I braced myself for the cackle I thought was coming, but he suppressed it, and became serious again. “Well, I don’t know about the drugs or not, but apparently you were having a lot of fun. She said you ran into a hen’s party. They were seeing how many guys they could convince to swap underwear with them. You said you’d only do it if someone would swap all their clothes with you. So you did. With a very big girl. Tall. Big feet.”

“Oh, Jeez.” I shook my head. “Then what?”

“You went to Drexlers, and, ah, you kind of fell on your head. Just ... a accident. Tilly says you’re a good guy. Just want to have fun, not hurt anybody. And I want to say, I respect that. Nothing to be ashamed of. Young people need to have some fun sometimes.”

“Um ... OK. What about my phone?”

“Eh?”

“You said you could tell me where my phone is?”

“Oh. Nah. I must have just said that to get you to come here today.” He laughed in a much, much more muted way than usual.

“What a fucking waste of time,” I sighed, and got up to leave.

“Kevey, wait.” There was a crack of emotion in his voice, which stopped me in my tracks. “Look, Kevey, I got to tell you the real reason I wanted you to come here today. I need your help. I got a contract to deliver shelves next week, and it’s too much for just me and Mo to get done in time. Kevey, I could lose the business if I don’t make it. If I don’t deliver on time, I have to give the customer’s deposit back. I need that money. My cashflow is fucked. The bank could take my Mum’s house.”

“Your Mum’s  house?”

“Yeah. Mum bought a house in Grey Lynn when we moved from the Islands in the 70s. We mortgaged the house to but this business. How else do you think a coconut like me ends up running a business like this, eh?” He grinned.

“Uh... never thought about it, I guess.”

“Look, this is really serious, Kevey. It’s my last chance. My family is fucked if I don’t make this order on time next week.”

“You fuckin better not be making this up too, Eggy.”

“Hand on heart.”

“OK then, what do you want from me?”

“You work one week. One week only. I give you double your old wage. Cash. Winz doesn’t need to know.”

Fuck. It was actually tempting. I could use a few pingas. But, working here? Again?

“Geez... I dunno Eggy...”

“Don’t say nothing yet. There’s one more thing. Come, it’s for Mo too.”

He leapt up and strode to the smoko room, while I scurried to keep up. There we found Mo playing pool alone.

“Mo, Kevey. I have an offer for you. It might mean pulling some long hours, but if we get this job done on time for next week, I have something for you. You’ll own it, fifty fifty. Come, I show you.”

Eggy led us back to the workshop floor and over to one of the shelves, upon which sat a car battery charger plugged into a nearby electrical socket, with a dusty car battery hooked up to it. Eggy unclipped the charger from the battery terminals, picked the battery up, and held it out to us. We both stared at it for a moment.

“You ... you’re going to give us fifty percent shares in a car battery?”

“No, numbnuts. The car this goes in. Round the back. Guy who used to work here hated the job even more than you, didn’t even take his Holden when he took off. The battery went flat, but it’s charged now. Here. Go put it in, see how the car goes.”

Mo and I looked at each other. He shrugged, then stepped forward and took the battery. Eggy jingled around in a cavernous pocket for a moment, and then produced a single car key which he handed to me.

“Well, what are you waiting for. Go round the back and have a look.”

With that, we took off to the carpark round the back, Mo leading the way. We rounded the corner and looked for the car - “over there, in the back corner” Eggy pointed out.

There it was. It reminded me of a bouncer: decked out in jet black with a touch of shiny chrome, quiet but with a hint that there was some serious menace under the hood, and built like a fucking tank.

I walked up and opened the driver’s door, sat in the driver’s seat and engaged the bonnet release switch. Eggy opened the bonnet, then stepped back so Mo could place the battery in its housing and connect the terminals. When Mo was done, Eggy lowered then dropped the bonnet so it clicked to loudly, then gave me a nod. I nodded back, took a breath, then slid the key into the ignition and turned...

When turning the key in the Holden’s ignition barrel, before hitting the “start” position that would send the signal to the starter motor to initiate the internal combustion cycle, there was a brief moment when it passed though the “accessory” position, at which point the stereo came to life on whatever radio station it had last been set to, at top volume in the middle of a song, which just so happened to be Jimi Hendrix singing...

“... I gave her the gun ... I shot her!”

... after which the starter motor kicked in and, after a turning over a few times, managed to get the engine to roar into life, all 8 cylinders firing in harmony to produce a truly menacing growl, loud but not loud enough to drown out the stirring wail of the “Hey Joe” guitar solo.

For a moment I transcended the material world of the back carpark, the full-body experience of the car shuddering under me, the ludicrously overpowered engine yearning to break free of its yoke and roam free on the highways, the swell of the music, the old-engine burning oil smell seeping into the car through the air vents, all combining to send me into a trance-like state...

... time slowed ... the fade-out of the song seemed to stretch to eternity ...

... all was ephemeral ... the pain and boredom of life melted away in the moment ...

“... Jimi Hendrix there with Hey Joe, taking it waaaay back, and tell you what, this is taking me way back too: KFC is bringing the double down back! And boy, I remember when the first ever double down came out -”

I opened my eyes, turned the car off, and sat back in the driver’s seat. All I wanted was to drive this car the fuck out of here, forever. I sighed, and turned, suddenly noticing Eggy’s face right up against the window.

“You OK, Kevey?”

I nodded, took they key out of the ignition, and got out of the car.

“Well,” Eggy said in anticipation. “What do you think?”

“I’ll do it, but one condition. I get to drive the car to and from work this week.”

Eggy looked at Mo, who nodded.

“OK boy, you got a deal. Now stop fucking around with your car and get to work.” He cackled.

And so it was that I ended up back on the Precision Shelving workshop floor, doing the job I hated so much that I’d walked out and swore never to come back. I think the thing I hated as much as anything else was the sheer mindless boredom of the job. I thought that maybe if I daydreamed about disappearing in the Holden to a beach far, far away it would distract me from the painful drudgery of the job. I’m pretty good at daydreaming, but even for me that was a big ask.

One thing that helped was that we had a fuck ton of work to do, so I hardly had time to overthink things too much. Break times were tight; there was no point lingering in the break room because it just meant the work would take longer and you’d have to stay later. Lunchtime was a blur of wolfing down enough brown deep fried shit to stave off the ravenous hunger the work gave you. Mo was an eager convert to the kiwi pie; he’d have two for lunch. Afternoon smoko was a time to drink a cup of tea in silence, the three of us all a little shellshocked as we contemplated the amount of work ahead of us.

After the afternoon smoko on that first day, as me and Mo shuffled back to work, Eggy yelled at us from the other end of the workshop.

“Hey boys! When you’re done with those inserts, get started on cutting the board for the second box, eh?”

Hearing this, Mo muttered something that I couldn’t understand because it was in Afghanistan language or whatever the fuck they speak there, but if I had to guess I’d put good money that there were a few swearwords in what he said. He did not look happy. He breathed deeply, forced a kind of bared-teeth smile, then yelled back:

“OK, boss!”

He then proceeded to get back to his task of pushing plastic inserts into place with a kind of intense focus. I pondered for a moment, then wandered over to him.

“Hey, Mo.”

“Hmmm?” He didn’t look up.

“You said something before. Was that, like, your Afghanistan language or whatever.”

“Yes.”

“What language is that, anyway?”

“Pashti.”

“Pashti. Sweet. Um, just wondering ... what was it you said?”

“I ... I can’t tell you. It is too bad words.”

“Shit, for real. Eggy really pissed you off, eh?”

Mo stopped and looked up at me.

“He says wrong thing to do next. And I can’t tell him that.”

“Yeah? Why is it the wrong thing?”

“If we start on second box, it will get in way, make us slower. Is better to finish all of first box, then second.”

“Hey boys!” Eggy interrupted, yelling again from across the workshop. “Check it out!”

He was holding a two metre long roll of plastic wrap on his crotch, waving it around like a giant cock and cackling with laughter. Mo looked at me, shrugged, and went back to work.

And so we worked the rest of the day, Mo and I beavering away while Eggy did fuck knows what, in and out of the office, faffing about with various things far away from us, only interacting with us to crack a couple more shitty jokes. We were still going around sevenish when Eggy finally came over to us.

“OK boys, better be time to knock off, eh? Go home, have a good dinner and a good sleep, then we start again at seven tomorrow. Don’t forget to fill out your timesheet on the way out.”

“OK boss.”

Eggy was already walking off. Mo and I went to the office to fill out the 1B5 exercise book that served as Eggy’s timesheet system. I tried my best to wait patiently while Mo filled out his hours, but I’d been thinking about driving the Holden home all day. I impatiently fondled the car key in my pocket, caressing the edges of it like a Year 10 boy playing pocket billiards. As he finished up, a thought occurred to me.

“Hey, Mo. How’re you getting home?”

“I catch 670 bus to Otahuhu, then train to Manurewa.”

“Fuck, that sounds like a mission. I’ll give you a lift, bro. It’s gonna be both of our car, after all. It’s mostly motorway so won’t take long.”

“Thank you.” Mo nodded.

I quickly jotted down my hours, and we walked back around to the Holden. We settled in and I started her up, the radio this time playing some Limp Bizkit. I figured this might not be up Mo’s alley so I turned the radio off.

We rode in silence to the motorway. It occurred to me that a car that had been sitting out in a carpark long enough for its battery to go flat could possibly not be the most reliable to take for a long drive. I was a bit hesitant to get up to motorway speed, but, I figured there was only one surefire way to find out if it could handle it. I eased it up to the hundy and to my relief it handled it without complaint. After a minute or so of the engine not shitting itself, I began to relax.

“So, Mo,” I began, eager to break the silence. “What did you do back in Iraq?”

“Afghanistan. I am from Afghanistan.”

“Shit, that’s right. Sorry. Uh, so what did you do back in Afghanistan, then?”

“I work at University.”

“Oh yeah? Doing what?”

“Professor of Industrial Science.”

“For real? And you’re working on packing up fuckin shelving for Eggy? Can’t you get a job at the Uni here?”

“No.” Mo shook his head emphatically. “I cannot do this kind of job right now. I have to do something more simple, for now.”

“Yeah? You got PTSD from the war or something, eh?”

Mo shrugged and turned to stare out the window. I picked up the hint and let the conversation lapse back into silence. It stayed that way, apart from the occasional directional instruction from Mo, until we got to his street.

Once we turned onto his street, it was like going to a different world. It looked like the siren speaker circus had come to town and set up camp on the street. There must have been twenty cars decked out with rows of sirens on their bonnets and roofs. People were milling around everywhere, and I had to slow to a crawl to get past people spilling out onto the road, barely acknowledging my presence.

As we pulled into Mo’s driveway, a kid of about 8 wearing bright yellow sunnies rode up to us on a bike stacked out with its own set of speakers. He looked the car up and down, then stared at me through the window for a moment before raising his shades.

“Nice car, bro.”

“Chur.”

Mo hopped out and waved at the boy, who raised his eyebrows in greeting.

“Mo! You know this fulla?”

“Yes. He is new at my work.”

“Ah shit, bro. You shoulda said you know Mo. He’s a fuckin G. Anyway, your car’s mean. Should get some speakers for it. Mo can help you hook them up.”

“Thanks, I’ll look into it. Uh, I’d better head off. See ya, kid. See ya, Mo.”

I backed out of his driveway, waved, and headed back down the street. I felt like I’d somehow gained some mana in that little interaction, because on the way back everyone seemed to silently clear out of my way.

By the time I got home, I was totally fucked. I hadn’t worked like that in weeks. It was all I could do to stay awake for long enough to have some dinner before crashing out into a deep, deep sleep. And it was in that deep, deep sleep that Benji Marhall appeared to me in a dream.

The dream that Benji Marshall appeared to me in began with me standing on a surf beach. In the distance, in a haze of the sea spray, a faint figure approached. As they came closer, I noticed they were wearing a lavalava. Finally, as they approached, it became clear that the figure was, in fact, Benji Marshall in a lavalava.

He stood in front of me in silence for a moment, while I looked him up and down.

“Kevvey,” he said finally. “I’m going to take a wild stab in the dark and guess that you’re wondering about the lavalava.”

“Uh... yeah...” I floundered. “Are you, like, Samoan or something?”

“Kevvey. This is a dream. Therefore, I am but a manifestation of your own subconscious. And your subconscious doesn’t know shit. You’re clearly clueless about my real ethnicity. So you’ve defaulted to putting me in a lavalava. Fuck knows why. Maybe in your head you associate the lavalava with spiritual indigenous type people? Maybe you think I’m here to help with your life by consulting the wisdom of the ancestors and telling you what you need to do?”

“Oh, right. Maybe. So ... are you?”

“Am I what?”

“Are you going to tell me what I need to do?”

“Yep.”

“OK. Well ... go for it?”

“I will.”

“OK.”

“But first, I must give you fair warning. Like I said, I’m just a manifestation of your subconscious. So this is really you telling yourself what to do. And since we’ve already established your kind of a dumbarse, the advice might be shit. I’d consider taking it with a fuckin massive grain of salt.”

“OK, sure, fine. Just tell me.”

“Alright then. You must strive to the tenets of anarcho-communism, and convince Eggy to turn Precision Shelving into a non-hierarchical worker-owned cooperative.”

“Right. Got it. Sounds easy.”

“Look, don’t shoot the messenger mate. I’m just your subconscious manifested as an image of Benji Marshall. All responsibility for whatever I tell you lies on your own shoulders. Anyway, this is the dream sequence part nearly done. You’ll find that the sound of that conch that someone’s inexplicably started blowing in the distance is going to gradually wake you up, while my image fades slowly, and you’ll find yourself in your bed wondering what this all means.”

And with that, I woke up and found myself in my bed, wondering what it all meant. I’d always thought if someone was to appear in my dreams to give me important life advice it would feel more spiritual and less like being given a spray at halftime by my high school league coach for missing too many tackles. Another life lesson, I guess.

“Hey, Mum,” I said as she was making her morning coffee. “How do you create a worker-owned cooperative?”

“Well, we still live in a capitalist society so you’d need a source of capital. But once you have that, you just need agreement among the workers, then you go from there. I was part of one before you were born, you know. It worked great until the guy in charge of accounts fucked off with all the money. Moved it through offshore accounts and went to the GC with his mistress. Ran with the wrong crew when he was there and ended up committing a very suspicious suicide jumping off the Sundale bridge. I’d recommend hiring an independent accountant. Why do you ask?”

“I reckon Eggy should do it with his business. He knows his stuff about shelving but he’s got shit for brains when it comes to actually running a business. Like he just has stacks of paper and shit and loses track of stuff all the time. Meanwhile the other guy that works there - Mo - is this smart-as University professor guy. He’d probably sort all of Eggy’s fuck-ups and turn the business around.”

“Hmm, yes. And you?”

“What about me?”

“What do you contribute?”

“Well...” I hadn’t actually thought about myself. In my mind I was still out of there at the end of the week. “I dunno. I had this idea, didn’t I? I guess I just see the big picture.”

“Very good. But you might have a hard time convincing Eggy to see this big picture of yours.”

“Yeah, true. How do you reckon I can talk him round?”

“Son, if I knew that we’d be living in an egalitarian paradise right now instead of a constant state of oppression by the monied classes. If you have power, you tend to want to keep it.”

“Mmm.”

Well, that was that idea fucked then. It’s all very well for Benji Marshall to talk a big game in my dreams, but there was no way I cared about Eggy’s business enough to bust my balls trying to convince him to give up control over it. I’d just work out my week as promised and then leave him to his shit show.

Still, I couldn’t help but have the idea play through my mind as I worked my way through the week. Sometimes I’d hear Benji’s voice in my head...

“Come on bro, are you gonna let Mo suffer like that?” he’d say. “Look at him steaming to himself over there. Eggy’s probably done some dumb-as shit but Mo doesn’t have the status to call him on it.”

“Sure, but it’s not my problem, is it? I’m only here for a week.”

“Fuck man, all you have to do is talk to Eggy. That’s it. You don’t have to start the fuckin French revolution here. You’re not going to smash the hierarchy all in one go, but you can at least let Eggy know what’s happening. You owe it to Mo.”

I finally cracked on Thursday morning when I saw Mo staring at Eggy on the fork truck, the hairs on the back of his neck almost visibly bristling.

“Mo.” He didn’t hear me at first. “Hey, Mo! What’s Eggy doing now?”

“Angle is wrong.”

“Angle is wrong on what?”

“The forks, he has ... he make them ... the ... fuck!”

Mo stormed off, and I worried I’d mortally offended him - it was the first time I’d ever heard him swear, in English anyway. But seconds later he came back holding two offcuts of doweling and a coaster from the smoko room.

“These, forks,” he said, pointing at the bits of doweling. He held them side by side in one hand, like they were the two forks on an imaginary fork truck. “This, pallet,” he said holding up the coaster, then putting it on top of the imaginary forks, like a pallet sitting on the forks of a fork truck. He angled the forks back towards his hand. “This, safe. If pallet slide, it no fall off.” He demonstrated by sliding the coaster back, where it bumped safely against his fingers. He then angled the forks downwards slightly, and the coaster slid off the ends of them and clattered unceremoniously on the floor. “This, no safe.” He shook his head sternly.

I looked over at Eggy, and sure enough he had the forks pointing down a bit. Looking at it after Mo’s demonstration, I could almost see the pallet he was moving sliding off then end at the slightest provocation.

“Shit, yeah that does look dangerous bro. I’d better go say something to him.”

“No!”

“Eh? Why not?”

“Not while driving. Could be surprise, might make mistake.”

“Fuck that. I’m gonna tell him.”

Before Mo could say anything I started to run over to Eggy, waving my arms for him to stop. However, before he could see me he stopped the fork truck anyway. I peered around to see why he’d stopped, and that’s when I saw my Mum and Jase, standing together at the entrance to the workshop.

I froze. Mum and Jase. Here. I had that queasy feeling you get when you suddenly see people in a context you never expected to see them in, like bumping into your old high school chemistry teacher at a gay nightclub or something like that. I felt suddenly lightheaded. I tried to shake it off so I could hear the conversation they were having, but the words kept swimming in and out of a haze.

“...been a while Kathleen ... you still a regular at karaoke night? ...”

“...heard you’ve been real busy...”

“...he’s a good boy at heart...”

“...tough for the young ones these days...”

“...probably work pretty well together...”

“...used to just play outside in the gutter!...”

“...found a special thing together...”

“...we ... work ........ together ..............”

Suddenly, the world snapped into sharp focus just in time for me to hear the next words in full stereo clarity:

“OK Jase, shake on it: work the next two days, cash pay, and 20% shares in the car.”

“Eggy!” I tried to shout, but it came out all garbled, like “Errghhh!”

Eggy turned around and finally noticed me standing behind him.

“Eh? You OK, Kevvey?”

“Who ... what are they doing here?” I somehow got out. I could’ve sworn that, while I said it, I saw in the corner of my eye Mum and Jase reaching out to hold hands and snatching them back at the last second in case I saw.

“Kevvey, your Mum said Jase needs a job. We could use the help. Otherwise at this rate we’ll be working all weekend and still not get it done.”

“But...” I struggled to even begin to think of how to explain to Eggy what a numbnuts Jase was, how he’d ultimately slow us down, how he’d probably fuck up something so badly that it would actually put us behind. Feeling desperate, I turned to Mum. “Mum!” I begged, gesticulating incredulously. “Jase?”

“Look, Kevvey. Jase had done a lot of things for me.”

“Things? What things?”

“Well ... he’s just a good kid.” She gripped his shoulder affectionately. “Plus, he knows all about co-operatives. Don’t you, darl?”

“Yeah, Kevey! Kath’s been telling me all about that shit. Eggy, we got this mean as idea for your business.”

“Not now, Jase,” Mum said, noticing Eggy looking uncomfortable. “Get your work done first, then talk about ideas for the future.”

“OK, Kath,” Jase grinned sheepishly.

Kath. Since when does he call her Kath? Something was fishy, fishier than a tench-tickler’s middle digit.

“Anyway, I’ll leave you to it,” said Mum, walking off with a grin and a wave.

“Thank you, Kathleen,” Eggy said cheerfully, before turning to us. “OK boys, enough fucking about, we got work to do. Kevey, you can show Jase the ropes, eh?”

“Shouldn’t Mo show him instead?” I said.

“Eh?” Eggy looked confused. “He’s your mate, you show him.”

“Yeah, but Mo knows more about this shit than anyone else, even you.”

“Mo? He doesn’t know half what I know.”

“Yeah he does, Eggy. He know his shit, and you never noticed. Eh, Mo?”

I looked around to Mo for confirmation, but he had somehow quietly gone off and busied himself on the other side of the workshop.

“See,” said Eggy. “He’s off already. Come back when you have a real story.”

“I got one.”

“Go on.”

“Mo pointed out that you’re using the wrong angle on the fork truck forks.”

“Eh?”

“See how they’re angled down? You should angle them back a bit. Otherwise if you need to stop suddenly, your load might slip off the front.”

“I been driving this fork truck for years and never had an accident. I know what I’m doing.”

With that, he turned back to the wheel of the fork truck to drive off, stomping on the accelerator and accidentally hitting the giant emergency horn button in the middle of the steering wheel with his elbow as he turned. The ear-crushing blast of the emergency horn rang out, the bone-rattling blare cunningly designed to send a clear message to all around of “fucking look out you might be about to die!”. It was lucky he accidentally hit the horn at that moment because Jase, in classic Jase style, had absent-mindedly wandered in front of the fork truck and was standing with his back turned to it. (Seriously, whenever I’m in danger of forgetting that Jase has shit for brains he somehow finds a way to remind me.)

Hearing the brutal ear-fuck of the fork truck emergency horn, Jase just about jumped out of his skin and screamed like a six-year-old who’s ice cream had fallen on the ground, been shat on by a dog, then had a another dog come and eat the shitty ice-cream while a goose steals the cone right out of their hand. Eggy, noticing the scream, immediately slammed on the brakes. In an astonishingly immediate illustration of the point I had just been trying to make about fork truck angle safety, the sudden stop resulted in Eggy’s load slipping forward off the down-angled forks and crashing to the ground. Jase had, either through presence of mind or sheer dumb luck, jump out of the way of the falling load at the last moment.

I ran over instinctively.

“Fuck! Are yous OK?”

“Yeah,” said Jase. “But he looks fucked.”

I looked over at Eggy. All the colour had drained from his face, and he had a thousand yard stare going.

“Eggy?” I called to him. He seemed to turn to me, but it was like he was staring straight through me. He hopped out of the fork truck and walked past me like I wasn’t there, heading out the door into the carpark.

I was wondering whether I should follow him when suddenly Mo appeared at my shoulder.

“We must send one person to make sure Eggy is OK, and two others stay to make sure no safety hazard from this dropped load. Your friend, is he better to make sure no safety hazard or better to look after Eggy?”

I thought for a moment about which of these tasks I distrusted Jase with the least. I had sudden visions of him getting himself crushed under the fork truck’s wheels, or worse, Mo getting crushed. So:

“He’d better go with Eggy.”

“OK. You tell him.”

“Hey Jase!”

“Yeah?”

“Go follow Eggy and make sure he’s OK, eh? But don’t do anything dumb.”

“Ah, OK. One question.”

“What?”

“Am I getting paid for this yet?”

“Just fuck off and do it, cunt!”

“Jeez. OK.”

Jase jogged off after Eggy, who was walking faster than a normal person would in a way that was strangely creepy. Mo and I turned to our task. He directed me to step well clear while he jumped into the fork truck and backed it away from the pile of crap that had been unceremoniously dumped on the floor. Some bits still dangled from the forks, and they clattered to the ground as the fork truck edged back. Mo cut the engine and surveyed the chaos, walking around the perimeter, eyeing it carefully and occasionally nudging crucial spots with his foot.

“It’s OK,” he said after some thought. “We can fix.”

We spent the next hour carefully removing things one by one from the pile, employing elite level jenga and pick-up-sticks strategies, stacking the unbroken things carefully and chucking the broken things in the skip. Finally, we got the whole disaster cleared up to a half-respectable state.

Mo stood back and looked at the result. He didn’t exactly look ecstatic.

“Hey, Mo,” I said. “We’ve got too much left to do, eh? Even with another person. I mean it’s Jase and he’s useless anyway, but even if it was someone not useless. We’re not going to make that deadline, are we?”

Mo just shook his head. His expression clearly said: “We’re fucked.”

“How hard is this deadline, anyway? Can’t we get them to push it out somehow?”

“I don’t know,” Mo shrugged. “Only Eggy talks to customers.”

Hmm, I thought, maybe there’s an opportunity here. Benji would want me to take any opportunities that present themselves.

“Hey Mo, I’m gonna see if there’s anything I can do about this deadline. I’m going to go into Eggy’s office for a bit. If he comes back, just keep him out of there until I’m done, OK?”

“OK,” Mo demurred.

I went into the office, sat in Eggy’s seat and surveyed his dusty, vaguely dishevelled desktop. Underneath a teacup caked on the inside with years of unwashed tannin buildup, I found the order sheet I was looking for. At the top, the customer’s contact details were written in Eggy’s boxy, untidy handwriting: Singh’s Camping & Marine, Chadda Kaur, followed by a mobile phone number.

I picked up the receiver on Eggy’s ancient desk phone, took a couple of slow breaths, then dialled the mobile number next to Chadda’s name.

The phone rung thrice, then a woman’s voice answered:

“Hello?”

“Hello Ms Kaur, my name is Kevvey and I’m calling on behalf of Eggy from Straitline Shelving. How are you today?”

“I’m OK. What happened to Eggy?”

“Nothing. Eggy’s fine.” I checked out the office window, suddenly worried he might have returned without me noticing and could hear me talking about him. But the coast was clear. “Ah, Ms Kaur, Eggy has gotten me in to help him out with some aspects of the business. You see, Straitline has become somewhat of a victime of its own success. There’s just so much demand for shelving right now that our current production is stretched to capacity. So I’m going through the process of re-scheduling all our existing orders, in order to achieve the optimal delivery dates across all our customers. How far out could you tolerate moving your delivery date?”

“Oh no, we can’t move the date. We open the store on the Wednesday, and we need two days to install the shelves, so they must be there on the Monday. We’re having a big opening ceremony. Everything is already booked in. Eggy is cutting the ribbon. Eggy always comes through for me, you know. Always on time. He has helped our family so much, too. I wanted to name our baby boy after him, but my husband didn’t want to. He said Eggy Singh would not be a good Sikh name.”

“Right. I -”

“Yes, Eggy always comes through for me. We dated for a little while, you know, before I met my husband. But Eggy warned me: once you have the taste of the coconut, you never go back.”

That, I thought, was exactly the sort of thing Eggy would say. I tried to find a pause to see if I could re-raise the subject of moving the date.

“Can -”

“So, I knew, if I wanted to go back to a Sikh man, I had to end it with Eggy. You can always trust Eggy to give you the best advice, even if it is not in his own interests. Such a selfless man.”

Wait, was she actually being serious? It was really, really hard to tell. While I boggled at what she’d said, I suddenly noticed that she’d stopped talking and I had a chance to say something.

“Ah, Ms Kaur, perhaps as a favour for all Eggy’s done for you, is there any way you could consider rescheduling the delivery for the following Wednesday?”

There was a long pause, with a few deep breaths.

“It’s unusual to still be friends with someone, after dating and breaking up like that. Very rare. But with Eggy, it was easy. He is such a good man. And funny! My gosh, I’ve never heard such clever jokes. Is he OK? Why is he not calling? Is something wrong?”

“No...” I paused. Actually, this could be the angle I needed. “Well, to be honest, he is feeling the stress of the whole situation. That’s why I’m trying to get him some breathing room here. We wouldn’t want him to burn out, would we? So if you could just find a way to move the date -”

“No. We can’t move the date. Everything is in place already. We must open on Wednesday the 18th.”

The 18th? I furrowed my brow, and re-checked the order sheet. There, in Eggy’s unchanged-since-standard-two handwriting, next to where it said “Due Date”, had been written “9/9/2019”.

“Eggy, you fucking numbnuts,” I muttered.

“Eggy is what?” Apparently I’d muttered too loud.

“Er, nothing. Look, I’ll talk to him and see what we can do to make sure we get that to you on time.”

“OK.”

With that, she hung up abruptly, without a word of goodbye. I didn’t care, because Eggy’s piss-poor record keeping had, for once, saved us. I grabbed the order sheet and ran out to the workshop to find Mo, waving the order sheet jubilantly as I went.

“Mo! Eggy fucked up the dates! They don’t need it til the 16th!”

“Really? So we have one more week?” Mo’s eyes widened.

“Yep.”

He exhaled deeply, and went and sat on a stack of boxes. He looked suddenly tired, like a great weight had been lifted off his shoulders and he finally felt he could afford to have a cup of tea and a lie down. I felt the same, if I’m honest. I had an urge to sink into the seat of the Holden and just drive until I hit the coast.

“Hey Mo. I might go drive around the area in the Holden, see if I can find Jase and Eggy. Why don’t you just go have a cup of tea, chill for a bit?”

“OK. Sure.”

I went to the Holden and fired her up. Ozzy Osbourne was on the radio this time. I drove off, aimless, then realised that the fuel gauge was dropping dangerously low. I found myself back at the Mobile on Moetoa Road. I wondered if the guy who’d helped me out when I could afford the ibu and coke was there. I felt like I owed him one.

I pulled in beside a petrol pump and hopped out. A puff of vape smoke by the front door caught my eye. Emerging from it after a moment was Jase’s head.”

“Jase!” I called out. “Any sign of Eggy?”

“Oh, hey Kevvey. He’s inside.” He nodded towards the inside of the Mobil.

“What’s he doing there?”

“Having a cup of tea.”

I strode over and went inside. Sure enough, there was Eggy, leaning on the counter like it was the bar at the Ōtāhuhu RSA, grasping a takeaway coffee cup that presumably had tea in it.

“Oh, hi Kevvey,” he said as he noticed me. “I was just talking about you. I was telling Tala here about how much you and Mo contribute to the business. Couldn’t get my without yous, eh? He suggested looking into making the business into a worker-owned cooperative. Worth considering, I think.”

I turned to Tala, stunned. It was the same guy who gave me the coke and ibu.

“You’re the same guy who gave me the coke and ibu,” I said.

“Oh yeah,” replied Tala. “Small world. It’s a funny thing, actually. After I saw you that day, I had this real glow inside, like just helping out a fellow humand made me feel more connected to the universe somehow. And that night, Benji Marshall appeared to me in a dream, and told me to suggest to my boss to turn the petrol station business into a worker-owned cooperate, so that all the workers can benefit from the business going well.”

“Benji Marhsall?” I exclaimed.

“Yeah, Benji Marshall. It was weird, because in the dream he appeared to me on a beach that looked like it was in Samoa or somewhere like that, but I always thought he was Māori. Anyway, the next day I floated the idea with the boss.”

“And?”

“He told me to fuck off. So I put that back under my hat for a while. Then today